the sound and the fury as hundreds of
cars depart Istanbul to protest against
the US forces at injur Air Base all
angered by the intensifying Israeli
attacks on Gaza all demanding an
immediate
ceasefire as the conflict enters its
fourth week there is no sign of the
outrage abating here not just at the
Israeli military attack on Gaza but also
towards the government supporting it and
that includes the us our message to the
USA is this for the Savages at the Helm
of the United States to go away
immediately I'm not talking about the
people but rather the
administrators a message echoed in the
Jordanian Capital Aman where protesters
clashed with police officers a day ahead
of a planned visit to the country by the
US Secretary of State Anthony
blink emotions are running high in
Jordan where more than half the
population is of Palestinian origin
although it has a peace deal with Israel
and is a key us Ally in the region it
has suspended diplomatic relations with
Israel and is urging an end to the
fighting in Yemen houthi supporters
gathered in the center of sah in support
of the Palestinians despite being more
than 2,000 kilm away the houthis have
waded into the conflict launching drones
towards
Israel from bangl Dash to
India the rallies calling for the
protection of Palestinian rights have
continued in spite of the close trade
and defense ties between India and
Israel but beyond the political it is
the global public outrage at the cruelty
of the war on Gaza that is continuing to
increase Sonia Gago aljazera
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer